Miss Yumiella...
Are you the Demon Lord?
Huh?
The Demon Lord?
Miss Yumiella? Really?
I know she uses dark magic, but...
How does Alicia know that the
Demon Lord is coming back?
Me? The Demon Lord?
What are you talking about?
Ed was saying that the Demon Lord
is coming back in two years.
"Ed"?
She's calling the prince by a nickname
barely a week after they first met?
Well, her communication skills
are level 99, if nothing else.
But anyway...
That stupid prince.
Did he really blab top-secret
information to Alicia?
Did Prince Edwin say that I'm the Demon Lord?
He only said that the Demon Lord
would be coming back in two years.
But you're... well...
The black...
Black? Oh...
Yes, I do have black hair,
but do you have any basis for assuming
I'm the Demon Lord because of that?
And didn't we learn in magic class
that dark magic isn't evil?
Yumiella Dolkness!
What have you done to Alicia?!
We're here now. Everything's all right.
If anyone's had something
done to her, it's me.
Miss Alicia was saying strange things
about the Demon Lord returning
and about me being the Demon Lord,
so I denied it. Nothing more.
The Demon Lord's return
needs to be kept secret.
A member of the royalty should know that.
Hurry up and tell her that stuff
about the Demon Lord was just gossip.
It's true that the Demon Lord
is going to return in two years.
Only a few people know that, though.
This stupid prince!
I get it! So you're the Demon Lord!
I'm not.
I may be the hidden boss,
but I'm not the Demon Lord.
Villainess Level 99
I May Be the Hidden Boss but I'm Not the Demon Lord
They're unfazed after hearing
about the Demon Lord.
So William and Oswald must
have already heard about it.
The Demon Lord isn't coming
back for two years, right?
But I'm here right now.
What does that make me?
Y-You're gonna start doing
evil stuff, aren't you?!
I'll punish you myself!
This meathead...
Uh...
You think you can beat me?
Do you really think I'm
the Demon Lord, as well?
If that's what Alicia says.
He's an idiot, too.
Besides, you being the Demon Lord
would explain that strength of yours.
I can't deny that.
Yes, I am indeed strong.
As strong as the Demon Lord, perhaps.
But you three are too weak.
If you intend to defeat me,
you need to get stronger.
I need them to get stronger so they can
defeat the actual Demon Lord, anyway.
No, wait.
Maybe this is my chance to
teach them how to level up?
It might improve their
opinion of me a bit, too.
I'd like to teach all of you
the basics of leveling up.
Huh? What are you...
The fundamental way to level
up is defeating monsters.
Delve into dungeons whenever you have time,
and kill as many as you can.
Don't use Amulets of Protection.
Wear Amulets of Growth, which
double the experience you receive.
Use a Monster-Calling Flute to defeat
as many monsters as possible.
And to maximize efficiency,
you'll need to fight solo
rather than forming a party.
I recommend going for monsters
that specialize not in defense,
but in offense, because you
spend less time fighting them.
Obviously, stronger monsters are the
most efficient for raising your level,
so go as deep into the dungeon as you can.
Leveling up is basically a form
of occupational performance,
so setting daily goals and doing
your best to meet them is crucial.
Especially you, Miss Alicia.
Since you can use light magic,
the responsibility on you is immense.
Please do your leveling
up in a dark-type dungeon.
H-Huh?
Yep. Nailed it.
Looks like that was so amazing,
they're all speechless.
Are...
Are you trying to kill us?!
Huh?
Was it a little too difficult for them?
Let's go.
I know all of you can handle it.
If you're afraid, shall I tag along with you?
No need!
I'll get stronger in my own way.
Guess I didn't get through to them.
But everyone else here must be thrilled
to get all that useful information...
Use a Monster-Calling Flute? Is she nuts?
And going into a dungeon without
an Amulet of Protection?
Did you know there were dark-type dungeons?
I never dreamed a place that scary existed.
Maybe that's where she came from...
Well, this was a flop.
But all that aside...
Why is Alicia so wary of me?
Could it be... she was reincarnated, like me?
I'll have to look into it.
If Alicia only vaguely remembers
what happened in the game,
I could understand her mistaking
me for the Demon Lord, but...
I'll bake some cookies next time.
I can't wait.
Doing okay in your classes?
Yeah, I think so.
Wow, you live near the ocean, huh?
Yep.
I tried observing Alicia for a day,
but she's just... a nice girl.
Alicia
(I'm an ordinary citizen, after all.)
In the game, she's the
cheerful, innocent type.
She enrolls in the academy so she
can use her magic to help others.
Alicia
(I'll never fit in with all of them...)
At first, she doesn't
understand noble customs,
so she doesn't fit in.
Edwin
Alicia, you know we're on your side.
Then the conquerable characters help her out,
and she opens up to them.
Good kitty.
In this world, too...
Meow, meow.
She's kind to everyone,
and she's very cheerful.
It's only her reactions
to me that are strange.
Also, I feel like I don't see her
with other girls very often...
But I guess having those three
guys with her all the time
makes it hard to approach her.
Bye, kitty.
Gotta follow her...
But first, there's something I need to do.
Kitty!
Meow, meow.
I figured that would happen.
Ever since I reincarnated as Yumiella,
animals seem terrified of me.
He's one of my classmates.
I think his name is...
No, more importantly...
Were you watching?
No, I didn't see anything.
He definitely saw.
It's not that it ran away from me.
I could've caught that cat, but
it would have taken the use of force.
So I suppose it would be more
correct to say I let it get away.
Pardon me. I have things to do.
Where did she go?
There!
Um, I've never heard this incantation before.
Oh, right, you might not
be familiar with that one.
It's something that nobles in Valschein know.
I see!
She's getting Edwin to help her study.
It's like an otome game.
I mean, it is an otome game, but...
Does this mean Alicia has
started on Edwin's route?
By the way, Alicia...
Why did you think Yumiella
Dolkness was the Demon Lord?
She isn't the Demon Lord.
My father said as much.
But...
It's true that she uses dark magic,
has black hair, and is level 99.
But it's not right to assume she's
the Demon Lord just because of that.
What... is that?
It's Miss Yumiella.
This is how Miss Yumiella looks to me.
Frightening.
It may have something to
do with my light magic.
Ah...
What does that mean?
The compatibility of attributes?
Yumiella Dolkness is indeed
abnormally strong.
It can't be such an easy
thing to reach level 99.
Even if she's not the Demon Lord,
I won't let my guard down around her.
Although it seems my father wants her to
join the force that battles the Demon Lord.
He does?
I suppose it only makes sense,
given her strength, but...
With your light magic, you're also
a valuable asset to the battle.
In other words, we'll all work together
to face the Demon Lord one day.
Alicia...
I'm sorry for getting you involved in such a
dangerous thing as fighting the Demon Lord.
You didn't! If the world is
in danger, it's my business!
If I can be of use with my magic,
I want to do whatever I can.
So let's do our best together, Ed!
Yeah. Let's defeat the Demon Lord together.
In any case, it doesn't seem
like Alicia was reincarnated.
Right!
Principal, I heard you wanted to see me.
Come in.
Someone else's voice?
Pleased to meet you, Miss Yumiella.
I'm Ronald. I've been appointed
as the new principal.
I am Yumiella Dolkness.
Um, where is the former principal?
He resigned.
You needn't worry about it.
His smile looks so fake.
Like the very model of a smile
meant to put one at ease.
I've come to the academy
on the king's orders.
I'm also aware of the Demon Lord's
impending return, so you can relax.
Please, sit.
Yes, sir.
Here you go.
Thank you.
He's been informed about
the Demon Lord's return.
That must mean the king trusts him.
What a troublemaker Prince Edwin is.
To think he spoke of a state
secret in public like that.
I'm sure you had it rough, too.
Eh. I've been an object of curiosity
ever since the entrance ceremony.
His Highness wasn't always
the type to behave so rashly,
but recently, he's been... unstable.
Even his two supporters have
been acting the same way.
Did something happen to the three of them?
You're really asking that?
Yeah, of course.
All three of them had been exceptionally
brilliant since childhood,
but then someone suddenly showed
up and shattered their pride.
I can't blame them for being shaken by that.
As for the matter of the Demon Lord's return,
we will be denying it in an
official address from the kingdom.
But it's practically impossible to
extinguish a rumor once it's spread.
Of course,
the king understands that there's
no way you can be the Demon Lord,
so you can relax.
How much information does the royal
family have about the Demon Lord?
I don't know that myself.
It's no use. I can't tell what he's thinking.
I can't say why, but this guy just irks me.
Anyway, I didn't just want to say
hello to you. I have a favor to ask.
A favor? Of me?
Yes. When our field lessons
begin in the near future,
I want you on the administrative side.
Field lessons?
The Hidden Boss Attends Field Lessons
Coming your way!
I got 'em!
Surround it!
No! Stay away!
Here, a "field lesson"
basically means leveling up.
The academy sends students to hunt monsters,
while keeping their safety in mind.
It's true that there's no need for me
to participate, since I'm level 99.
And if I accidentally wiped
out all the monsters,
I'd ruin it for all the other students.
Field lessons are divided up between
central nobles and regional nobles.
You'll be in charge of the regional nobles.
That's a very broad method
of dividing them up.
Regional nobles fight
monsters in their domains
more often than city-dwelling central nobles.
That inevitably creates a clear difference
in their motivation to level up.
Separating them is more efficient.
Will Prince Edwin and his companions attend
the field lesson with the central nobles?
I've arranged a supplementary lesson
for special training for them.
Special training?!
I'm dying to know how they get to level up!
The goal is to get them to level
40 by the time they graduate.
I'd like it if they could
get closer to level 60.
Captain Adolf is level 60.
They can't get that far in two years.
I think it's plenty possible, myself...
Okay, time for a break.
Those of you who are out of magic or injured,
don't forget to replenish with potions!
What a peaceful field lesson this is.
There are too few.
Here's a potion.
And they're throwing way too much
power at some low-level monsters.
Oh, thanks.
How many did you kill?
Two, I think.
It's obviously overkill.
I couldn't even kill one.
And with the teachers' protection, too.
I need to work on my bow skills.
Real monsters do have a lot more impact.
I know they can't afford to endanger
the son of royalty, but this...
Too inefficient.
The guy who saw me with the cat...
Um...
I'm Patrick Ashbatten.
You also think this is inefficient?
I think they could handle a
larger number of monsters.
Yeah.
If they split into a vanguard and
rear guard and work together,
it's more than possible.
I haven't spoken with a
classmate like this in ages.
Do they split into vanguard and rear guard
to level up in the Ashbattens' domain?
Yeah. The vanguard holds
the monsters in place,
and the rear guard attacks
them. That's basic.
Doesn't that result in
differing amounts of experience
for the vanguard and rear guard?
We reverse it, too.
The rear guard uses magic to
stop the monsters' movements,
while the vanguard attacks.
It does bring down the balance, though.
I guess working as one group
does reduce efficiency.
Meaning...
My idea of how to level up wasn't wrong!
Could we use that method here, right now?
I think we have enough people,
but with so few monsters, I
don't think it would matter.
I have something useful.
A Monster-Calling Flute?!
Wait, don't!
What?
Miss Yumiella! What are you—
Wh-What?
What is that?
Everyone with a shield
and spear to the front!
G-Got it!
Hurry!
Vanguard, focus on stopping the monsters!
Rear guard, use ranged magic attacks!
If you run out of magic, attack
whatever's left with weapons!
Got it!
If you get hurt, fall back
and heal with a potion!
Right!
Attack!
Follow up the attack!
You all right?!
Yeah...
Vanguard, regroup right away!
Right!
Don't panic! Finish them all!
Wow...
Yumiella! How could you
do that without warning?!
Why is he so angry?
Oh, I know.
Because the rear guard exhausted themselves
to the point that the
vanguard couldn't level up.
There's no need to worry.
I know some of them have
exhausted their magic,
so I'll hold the monsters in place next time.
Huh? Next time?
No!
Not again!
We're really gonna die this time!
I'll stop the monsters' movements.
Those of you in the vanguard
can take your time killing them.
Dark Bind.
Go ahead and attack them.
Um, was that...
It was my magic.
It's called Dark Bind. It renders
the target unable to move.
And we won't get attacked?
You'll be fine. The monsters
are firmly restrained.
Uh, I don't mean by the monsters...
There's no problem. This method is safe.
Seems like it's okay... maybe?
Well, in that case...
Yeah...
Was he talking about my magic?
Is it that scary?
Your leadership was brilliant.
I am the son of a margrave, after all.
I was involved in some
combat before I enrolled...
I guess you meant no harm.
What are you talking about?
Nothing.
I'll heal you.
Huh?
Dark magic also has healing
and recovery spells.
There's one downside, however.
It's super grotesque.
Yikes...
You should be all right now.
Do you feel any pain?
No. I'm fine. Thanks.
Oh, good.
I didn't know what I'd do if it had side
effects on people of other attributes.
Why did you jump in front of me?
Sorry. I thought you were in danger.
In danger? At level 99?
You need to take better care of yourself.
It'll be too late once something happens.
Did he really just try to protect
me because he was worried about me?
Th-Thank you.
This has never happened before.
I feel kind of embarrassed.
Yumiella...
Next time you're going to use the
Monster-Calling Flute, say so first.
All right.
In that case, I'm going to use it again now.
Huh? Wait, Yumiella!
You're kidding!
No more!
Miss Yumiella!
Dark Bind.
Again?!
Stop it!